Added release notes for Tyk cloud (#5622)
TykTechnologies/tyk-docs: tyk-docs/content/tyk-cloud/release-notes/version-1.23.md

---
title: Tyk Cloud 1.23 Release Notes
date: xx
description: "Release notes documenting updates, enhancements, and changes for Tyk Cloud version 1.23"
tags: ["Tyk Cloud", "Release notes", "v1.23", "1.23.0", "changelog"]
---

## 1.23.0 Release Notes

### Release Date 14 of November 2024

### Release Highlights

We are thrilled to announce new updates and improvements in Tyk Cloud 1.23.0, ... For a comprehensive list of changes, please refer to the detailed [changelog]({{< ref "#Changelog-1.23.0">}}) below.

#### Support for Multiple Plugin Bundles in MServ
MServ now supports multiple plugin bundles, allowing users to manage and deploy various binaries for different plugins. This enhancement provides greater flexibility in plugin configuration and deployment 
within MServ.

#### Embedded Product Tour During Deployment Wait Time

> An embedded interactive product tour has been added within the deployment screen to guide users through the Tyk Dashboard while they wait for their deployment to complete. This tour provides an overview of key features, helping users explore what they can do next in the dashboard. [Tyk sign up](https://tyk.io/sign-up/)

Reviewer: @sharadregoti How do we highlight major changes then?

> An embedded interactive product tour has been added within the deployment screen to guide users through the Tyk Dashboard while they wait for their deployment to complete. This tour provides an overview of key features, helping users explore what they can do next in the dashboard. [Tyk sign up](https://tyk.io/sign-up/)

Author: Restructured the content, you can have a look at it.

### Breaking Changes
<!-- Required. Use the following statement if there are no breaking changes, or explain if there are -->

There are no breaking changes in this release

> ### Dependencies {#dependencies-1.23.0}

Author: @excieve We follow this [release note template](https://github.com/TykTechnologies/tyk-docs/blob/master/tyk-docs/assets/others/release-notes-template.md#dependencies) for all release notes across Tyk. Is this specific to tyk-cloud?

Also, I don't see the value of adding links to the LTS page. We can remove it and keep this section empty or remove it.

    </details>
  </li>

  <li>
    <details>
      <summary>
        Direct Access to /password-reset Page Now Accessible Without Redirect
      </summary>
Fixed an issue where accessing the /password-reset page directly redirected users to the login page. Now, users can navigate directly to the /password-reset page without being redirected, providing a consistent experience for password-reset requests regardless of how the page is accessed.
    </details>
  </li>

  <li>
    <details>
      <summary>
        UI Fix: Billing Sidebar Display Corrected When No Subscriptions Are Present
      </summary>
We have resolved a display issue in the billing sidebar that occurred when no subscriptions were active. Now, the sidebar menu displays correctly regardless of subscription status, providing a consistent and clear UI for all users.
    </details>
  </li>

  <li>
    <details>
      <summary>

>         Fix for NodesVisibility Logic to Manage Node Data Retention

Reviewer: ```suggestion
        Fix for Hybrid Nodes Visibility Logic to Manage Node Data Retention

```

      </summary>

> This update addresses a critical bug in the NodesVisibility logic, which previously retained all connected node data indefinitely. The fix ensures that the NodesData array only contains records from the last 7 days. This enhancement improves system performance at all stages within the Tyk Cloud UI for organizations with hybrid data planes, especially those with multiple connected gateways.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This update addresses a critical bug in the Hybrid nodes visibility logic, which previously retained all connected node data for the Hybrid Data Planes indefinitely. The fix ensures that we only contains records from the last 7 days. This enhancement improves system performance at all stages within the Tyk Cloud UI for organizations with Hybrid Data Planes, especially those with multiple connected gateways.

```

    </details>
  </li>

  <li>
    <details>
      <summary>
        Improve stability for non-trial customers
      </summary>
We have enhanced separation between trial and non-trial deployments to improve resilience and stability.
    </details>

>   </li>

Reviewer: I'm fine with `paid`, but please keep the `free trial` as a term.

>   </li>

Author: Ok.

  
  
</ul>

#### Security Fixes
<!-- This section should be a bullet point list that should be included when any security fixes have been made in the release, e.g. CVEs. For CVE fixes, consideration needs to be made as follows:
1. Dependency-tracked CVEs - External-tracked CVEs should be included on the release note.
2. Internal scanned CVEs - Refer to the relevant engineering and delivery policy.
For agreed CVE security fixes, provide a link to the corresponding entry on the NIST website. For example:
- Fixed the following CVEs:
    - [CVE-2022-33082](https://nvd.nist.gov/vuln/detail/CVE-2022-33082)
-->
<ul>
  <li>
    <details>
      <summary>

>         Security Update: Bumped Vulnerable Dependencies in ARA Components

Reviewer: I don't think this needs to say "vulnerable" either since this is just a normal periodic libraries update, according to our SDLC.
